# QuizArt || 
The idea of NomeApp is to create a valuable experience for young museum visitors. Teenagers are usually less engaged during a visit inside a museum, so we focused on creating an app that will entertain them. The app is an interactive quiz. Every time a person enters a room, the application exposes a question about some art pieces of the room. If the answer is correct, the player gains some points. After the solution, the player will get a brief explanation of the question so he/she can learn more about a specific sculpture. When the visit is over, players can confront their scores and see who is the highest in the final rank. 
## Personas 
Gabriele, Rome 17 y.o.: Gabriele is the best student in his school, he is intelligent and loves to study. He spends his free time playing video games and practicing Judo. Gabriele aspires to become a Politician, and he’s terrified about failure. He attends the Liceo Classico and, even if he doesn't fancy classical history, he loves to get the attention of his teachers and classmates. Gabriele is ambitious and wants to demonstrate to his teacher that he studied for this museum visit. He is usually a calm person but when the competition starts, nothing can stop him. Gabriele visits from 3 to 6 museums per year with the school. 


Alice, Rome 18 y.o.: Alice doesn't like to study very much, she is a student at the Liceo Artistico in Rome and gets bored every time she goes inside a museum. During her free time, she hangs out with her friends and she likes to cook. Alice lives one day at the time and is never worried about her future. She believes that one day she will become a chef. Alice visits no more than two museums every year. Her project for the final exam asks reproducing a classical sculpture, so she has to do some researches and decides to go to the museum. She is interested in learning something new but in a playful way because traditional methods of learning don't work for her. 
## Scenario 1
Gabriele visits the museum with the school and starts to play when he gets inside the museum. His final aim is to defeat his classmates plus to get all the answers right. To reach his goal, Gabriele spends additional time in each room to learn the most for each statue. By doing this, he will be able to answer correctly to any question. In the end, he looks at his score, and once again, he got everything right so he can exit the museum entertained and amused.
## Scenario 2
Alice is miserable because she has to study for her final exam in high school, for which she has to craft a sculpture. If she fails the exam, she has to repeat her final year of high school. The sculpture she has to craft is a classical statue. After the sculpting, she needs to do an oral exam to explain why she chose that cast and the story of it. She should go to the museum to search for some inspiration, but she always gets bored in museums. Alice finds out that, inside the Sapienza museum, she can play a new game that will test her knowledge of classical art. She goes there and starts exploring while playing the game. When she answers, the App gives a brief explanation of the sculpture. Once she leaves the museum, she discovered inspiration and learned something new.

